release 22-10-04 (#212)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2022-10-04-console-release/index.md

---
label: 'Console'
---

### What's new

> - UI: Social authentication with Hasura provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: Added social authentication for Hasura, enabling users to sign in using using social networking services supported by Hasura.
```

> - Control Plane: Improved performance of project creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved Neon project creation performance.
```

> - UI: Added social authentication for Hasura, enabling users to sign in using using social networking services supported by Hasura.

Reviewer: Important: Please note that the file structure for the release notes changed just after you opened this PR. The contents of the changelog file must be moved to a new file at this path:
https://github.com/neondatabase/website/tree/main/content/release-notes/22-10-04.md

### Bug fixes

> - UI: Database selector allows to select any of created databases.

Reviewer: Is this the database drop-down on the Dashboard tab, under Connection Details?

Author: @seymourisdead where [this drop-down](https://github.com/neondatabase/cloud/pull/2417/commits/5a9277a2d1e0a29ef179593200b6bd5ab7f587fd) located?

Reviewer 2: in the Connection details and on the SQL Editor page

> - UI: Database selector allows to select any of created databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: The Database drop-down menu that appears in the Connection Details widget on the Dashboard and in the Neon SQL Editor now permits selecting any created database.
```

Reviewer: Important: Please note that the file structure for the release notes changed just after you opened this PR. The contents of the changelog file must be moved to a new file at this path:
https://github.com/neondatabase/website/tree/main/content/release-notes/22-10-04.md

- Control Plane: Availability checker waits for existing operations queue for a project to be empty before starting.

> - Control Plane: Selecting operations for redo based on correct status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Control Plane: Operations for redo are now selected based on the correct status. 
```

> - Control Plane: Branch creation endpoint V2 is accessible via oauth token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The V2 branch creation endpoint is now accessible using an OAuth token.
```

Reviewer: HI Anton, 
The file structure for release notes just changed. This file will have to be moved to the appropriate location. Apologies for the inconvenience. Please see: https://github.com/neondatabase/website/pull/206#.
